Mom, Nian Nian installed a camera in his room
Is this explicit to harm me?
It's really not me.
How dare you argue now
Venting in your room
Who else has the camera besides you?
Xueqing after the incident last night
I went to see each maid's room
Also asked them
Yanyan found the culprit
Mom, is it really not you?
miss them
Every maid's room has a camera like this
I asked them again.
I also have a guess in my heart
It should be installed by the housekeeper.
The purpose is to peep
Hey what
Well, sister, brother-in-law
Excuse me for a moment
Luoxue Qing thought that I and Chu Sifeng left together
It's for cheating
Little did I know that I arranged Chu Si
The wind puts all the servants on the camera
Remove my luggage
Even if the poor housekeeper is kicked out of the Luo family
Still used by me
Beautiful woman beautiful woman
Hurry up and take him to the hospital for treatment
Oops avoid infection
It's causing me trouble all day.
Xue Yang
Don't worry, you'll be fine.
I'll save you now.